{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 import streamlit as st\
\
def main():\
    st.title("Harrison Bergeron - Reading & Analysis")\
    \
    # Provide text access\
    with st.expander("Read the Full Text of *Harrison Bergeron* by Kurt Vonnegut"):\
        st.markdown("""\
        **Harrison Bergeron** is a dystopian short story that explores themes of equality, government control, and individuality.\
        \
        *(Insert full text here, or provide a link to an authorized source.)*\
        """)\
    \
    st.header("Comprehension & Analysis Questions")\
    \
    # Define questions\
    questions = [\
        "1. What is the purpose of the handicaps used in the society of *Harrison Bergeron*? Give examples of different types of handicaps used.",\
        "2. How does George Bergeron experience the effects of the government\'92s policies while watching television?",\
        "3. What does Hazel suggest about how she would change the Handicapper General\'92s rules, and what does this reveal about her understanding of the system?",\
        "4. How is Harrison Bergeron physically described when he appears on television? What do his handicaps tell us about him?",\
        "5. What happens after Harrison declares himself Emperor and selects an Empress? How does the story end for him?",\
        "6. How does Vonnegut use irony in *Harrison Bergeron*? Give at least one example.",\
        "7. How does the story explore the theme of individuality versus conformity?",\
        "8. What is the significance of Harrison and the ballerina\'92s dance? How does this scene contrast with the rest of the story?",\
        "9. What message might Vonnegut be conveying about government control and the pursuit of equality? Do you think it is a warning or a satire?",\
        "10. How do George and Hazel\'92s final conversation and forgetfulness contribute to the story\'92s impact? What does their reaction suggest about the success of the government\'92s control?"\
    ]\
    \
    responses = \{\}\
    \
    for i, question in enumerate(questions):\
        responses[f'Q\{i+1\}'] = st.text_area(question, "")\
    \
    # Submission button\
    if st.button("Submit Answers"):\
        feedback = provide_feedback(responses)\
        st.subheader("Feedback on Your Answers")\
        for q, comment in feedback.items():\
            st.write(f"**\{q\}:** \{comment\}")\
\
def provide_feedback(answers):\
    feedback = \{\}\
    \
    for question, answer in answers.items():\
        if len(answer.strip()) == 0:\
            feedback[question] = "Your answer is empty. Try rereading the text and formulating a response with textual evidence."\
        elif len(answer.split()) < 20:\
            feedback[question] = "Your response is too brief. Consider expanding with specific examples from the text."\
        elif "Harrison" not in answer and question in ["Q4", "Q5", "Q8"]:\
            feedback[question] = "Make sure you mention Harrison\'92s role in this scene and his significance in the story."\
        elif "government" not in answer and question in ["Q6", "Q7", "Q9"]:\
            feedback[question] = "Consider discussing the role of government control and how it impacts society in the story."\
        else:\
            feedback[question] = "Good response! Check for grammatical clarity and refine your argument if needed."\
    \
    return feedback\
\
if __name__ == "__main__":\
    main()\
}